Docs/schedule inspection (#2247)
FlexMeasures/flexmeasures: documentation/features/scheduling.rst

  This is ongoing architecture design work, and therefore happens in development settings, until we are happy with the outcomes.
  Thoughts welcome :)
- Aggregating flexibility of a group of assets (e.g. a neighborhood) and optimizing its aggregated usage (e.g. for grid congestion support) is also an exciting direction for expansion.

Inspecting schedules
-----------------------

It can be crucial to inspect how your scheduling job is doing.
Here are some ways to do that:

Errors
^^^^^^^

FlexMeasures will validate flex-config and asset & sensor IDs before starting the job,
and let you know (in the console or API response) what went wrong.

The asset status page
^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^

Each asset has a status page where you can find recent jobs, and the "Info" button will give you a lot 
og insight into its configuration.

.. image:: https://github.com/FlexMeasures/screenshots/raw/main/screenshot_status_page_job_info.png
    :align: center
..    :scale: 40%

|

Checking the status via the API
^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^

There is an API endpoint specifically for checking status, result and configuration info for jobs:

> ``GET /api/v3_0/jobs/{uuid}`` will return JSON with information, including the flex config and exception info.

Reviewer: Do you think we should avoid saying that `GET /api/v3_0/jobs/{uuid}` returns configuration info or flex config here? That endpoint returns status/result information, queue/function metadata, timestamps, and `exc_info` for failed jobs, but not the job metadata or scheduler flex-model/flex-context.

Maybe this could be reworded to something like:

`GET /api/v3_0/jobs/{uuid}` returns JSON with the job status, result, queue and function metadata, timestamps, and exception traceback information for failed jobs.

Also do you think we should add `Checking the status via the CLI` or api mention is enough ?

Author: I agree with your suggestion, let me make it official.
```suggestion
``GET /api/v3_0/jobs/{uuid}`` returns JSON with the job status, result, queue and function metadata, timestamps, and exception traceback information for failed jobs.
```

On the CLI, I checked and didn't find any CLI command to check the state of a job - which do you have in mind?

Reviewer: For the CLI command, I was thinking `flexmeasures jobs inspect-job --job <uuid>`. I tested it locally and it prints the job status, result, function, queue, timestamps, and exception traceback.
